chore(curriculum): provide further info on unordered lists (#50844)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-accessibility-by-building-a-quiz/6148defa9c01520fb9d178a0.md

dashedName: step-61
---

> While `ul`/`li` elements are great at providing bullets for list items,
> your radio buttons don't need them. You can control what the bullets
> look with the `list-style` property. For example you can turn your
> bullets into circles with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# --description--

While `ul`/`li` elements are great at providing bullets for list items, your radio buttons don't need them. You can control what the bullets look with the `list-style` property. For example you can turn your bullets into circles with the following:
```

```css
.ul {
  list-style: circle;
}
```

> Remove the default styling for the `.answers-list` items by settings
> its style to `none`, and remove the unordered list padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the default styling for the `.answers-list` items by settings its style to `none`, and remove the unordered list padding.
```

# --description--

> While `ul`/`li` elements are great at providing bullets for list items, our radio buttons will instead be used to mark each list item. We

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While `ul`/`li` elements are great at providing bullets for list items, your radio buttons will instead be used to mark each list item. You
```

> can control what the bullets look by using the `list-style` css property.  For example you can turn your bullets into the circles

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can control what the bullets look by using the `list-style` css property. For example you can turn your bullets into the circles
```

with the following. 

```css

> .circle-bullet {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ul {
```

Author: Applied.

# --description--

While `ul`/`li` elements are great at providing bullets for list items, your radio buttons don't need them. You can control what the bullets look with the `list-style` property. For example you can turn your bullets into circles with the following:

```css

> .ul {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ul {
```

Nitpick - element selector, not class.
